# How I read

This post is inspired from XXX's YouTube channel video "YYY", which is
available here:

LINK

## Choosing different techniques

It seems that reading "hacks" are similiar to setting up a person's programming
environmnent: "Different things work for different people" and because of that
no two people will have the same elements or the same mix of them working for
them. As an example mosr developers I know use a different colour combination
for highlighting source code. What is common in this case is that everyone
has looked out, tried different things and made a choise for himself. This
indicates how I would suggest to use this post: copy a lot from different
places, but at the end of the day end up with something that works for you.

## The hacks

In loose order of importance

## Read it when you need it

The "it is better to drink water while feeling thirsty analogy". This piece of
advice originates from start-up literature but cannot now remember the origin.
It is better to engage with content close to when it is needed in order to
achieve a task. This will keep the brain active and will allow higher
absorvance rate of content.

An example from my experiences would be Noam Wassermann's "The founder's
dillemas", which has lots of statistical analysis on various startups and
things that they encounter. There is a chapter about stuffing. I read that book
while in a startup scenario we would be in the process of discussing if a
person should be hired and what characteristics that person should have as well
as compensation etc. Maybe the highest pages per day ratio ever.

So the hack would be summarised to: Identify a gap that needs to be addressed
in the near future, then read material related to that gap.

## Read it when you want it

## It is OK to stop

## Prefer paperbacks

Paperbacks have some advantages: They are easier to carry around because of 
weight and size. This means that there are more opportunities to read them
hence one can read more for the same time.

Also because of the lower price, there is less guilt in "book abuse":
underlining them, sticking post-its, having coffee spill over in a coffe shop
etc.

For the two reasons above it is eaier to circulate them among friends: borrow,
lend etc. After one or two reads the cost per person read drops significantly.

